hello everyone its Elena and welcome
back to another cambridge walk it's
wednesday and i don't have any classes
today which is really great because they
changed our schedule from last term and
we have less lectures now so my
wednesday is free well I mean free it's
kind of an illusion because we have to
work but nonetheless it's great I don't
have to go to the faculty building so
this is what my schedule looks like me
out so you can see my tie Wednesday is
just blank not even a supervision so
that's really nice
so what I'm gonna do today is I'm just
gonna do my readings for my super
missions
and I have to hand in two questions for
my constitutional supervision but that's
the thing I just have to make up the
questions I don't have to answer them
which is great um but coming up the
question is actually really really hard
I realized I have one which is I think
pretty decent now I'm gonna read through
some attacks then maybe I find something
good which I can ask a question about
and I'm just gonna send these in we just
need to send them to our supervision
group and that's it so yeah that's
pretty much what I'm gonna do all day
and then at the end of the day I have
something really really exciting because
I'm going to a formal with many of the
youtubers here in Cambridge which is
really really cool and really excited to
meet them because I was so many of their
videos when I was deciding whether I
should go to Princeton or Cambridge and
it just helped me to decide because I
could see what student life is like at
Cambridge so I'm just so so excited to
meet them and like real life and yeah I
just really can't wait for that I'm
really looking forward to it but I need
to get a lot of reading stuff before I
can go for that so yeah let's get
started
[Music]
okay so the article that I just read
gave me like the perfect quote for my
second question I'm so happy right in
there like I thought I'm gonna have to
really like for many many more articles
if I'm lucky good crowd and I just read
this one no like don't Oliver thank you
so much so now I invite you questions
ready which is great because now I can
send them in and see what my super
vision group thinks about them so yeah
here might your questions I don't know
if this is even interesting for you guys
um because maybe you know on almost read
it but anyway I'm very proud of coming
up with these questions so here we go my
first one is starting out with crowed
Parliament is largely supplanted a crown
is to give F lawmaking power and then
discuss the above statement and consider
the implications of your answer for
parliamentary sovereignty I would like
to have this question in an exam
honestly and a second one is a quite
long quote about like why ministerial
responsibility is great and the court
should take on the task through his
initial review and then a question is
are legal constraints and power
substitutable for political constraints
order each have different functions in a
well-ordered constitutional system I
have to say that like the second part of
my second question isn't mine the
question was asked in a past exam paper
but I can just say that and it's fine
but yeah I'm pretty proud that I came up
with this because I was really looking
for like like a catchy quote that would
work with the question and I think that
one works really well see I'm just
really happy I came up with these
questions like weirdly coming up with
exam questions felt harder than watching
an essay on a past exam question I'm
gonna send these in and then I'm gonna
take a few more notes of my readings and
then I'm gonna have to go for a meeting
in twelve and yeah then I'm gonna have
lunch and then I'm gonna go back do more
readings and then later on I'm gonna get
ready for the formal
[Music]
yeah that's what Layton's I know it's
shortly after one and I just made myself
some lunch so that you know I can
finally have some lunch after that
meeting so I just made myself some
noodles
and some chips because I'm being
absolutely not healthy and they also
meet myself some tea because I think I'm
just gonna read like a little and I
actually finished my book they're at
Petrobras
and it's only Wednesday after week so I
thought well I could start a new one and
this one is quite short so I think this
should be fine because I have this goal
to read like at least one book a week
for fun not a book that's on my reading
list so yeah maybe I can make it to two
this week that would be great and the
book that I finished it's this one and I
just would show you guys I'm also sure
to see my last blow up but back then I
hadn't read much of it but I read this
very very quickly because it was really
really good and I highly recommend it
because I don't know how to say it but
it's just super super captivating those
are all like stories in here but I don't
know I feel like they make you reflect
on a lot of things and yeah I really
really loved it would highly recommend
it I'm gonna link it down below if you
guys are interested so yeah I read this
in like two days
so would highly recommend it because
it's great so now I'm gonna have lunch
and then I'm gonna have some tea and
read a little bit in this one and then
I'm gonna get back to work and I was
planning to get back to work when I
realize that I need to do my nails
because you can't see this from afar for
just great but they're like in knots a
great condition now because I haven't
done them in like over a week so they
need a new color so I'm gonna do that
and then I'm just gonna keep reading so
what I'm hoping to do is like to prep
everything so that like I can still like
you know get my pen with my freshly
painted nails because I don't know if
anybody can relate to a struggle but
when your nails are freshly painted you
can't touch anything because otherwise
your nails are ruined so I'm gonna like
set everything up and then we're doing
ales and then I'm just gonna you know
like pick up the pencil my iPad and
thought like highlighting and reading
everything I just hope it's kind of work
I'm sober I don't lose too much time
because I'm doing my nails I always cry
silly but yeah there's are some serious
girls problems
[Music]
I'm ready for my formal at Jesus and
yeah I'm just gonna head over there
we're meeting it like 7:10 and then
we're just gonna go and unfortunately
we're not allowed to film in the hall
because there's like usually a ban on
filming in hall and using your cell
phones in general it's the same for my
college so I'll see if I can you know
like maybe film later before I don't
know but anyway I'm really really
excited to meet them all because I
forged so many update videos before
coming to Cambridge I'm still watching
them like even now that I'm at Cambridge
so yeah really excited to meet them all
and yeah let's go and I've just gotten
back from the formal it was so so nice
um like it was just kind of weird to see
everybody like in real life because I
feel like we've all kind of been
watching each other's videos um and it's
just so like serious it's like sedum I
can really feel a lot in the formal but
like we managed to film a bit before the
fellows come in because like the like
kind of like ban and photographing stuff
only starts as soon as two fellows are
in hall and then we went to the Jesus
bar and we just you know hang out a bit
and talked and it was realized um so
yeah here just to make a really short
clips of that
[Music]
I'm gonna link all the youtubers who
were there I'm down below maybe yours to
recognize all of them I highly recommend
checking other channels because it just
gives you like a better idea of like
what kind of is just like for different
people or jeffing is really really
helpful also I'm gonna go to bed now
because it's almost 10:00 and I want to
get up early tomorrow and finish my
constitutional law supervision question
and then I want to do my criminal law
questions because I have criminal law on
Friday and constitutional on Thursday
which is tomorrow so yeah that's pretty
much the plan for now and yeah I guess
I'll see you guys tomorrow morning good
morning guys it's 6:20 and I'm just
going to do a few readings now and do my
supervision questions and then I'm gonna
go for breakfast a bit later because I'm
meeting my head director of studies at
8:50 so I just like one like time it
perfectly that I just you know go to the
battery and then I just immediately walk
over there so we always have to meet
outdoors at the start for term at the
end of the term and we just talk about
like our academics and how we did and
what our goals are and so I'm you and
you BA and then I'm gonna head straight
to lectures I've got two lectures today
and then I have a supervision and then I
got to do some more readings for a
criminal law because I haven't gotten
them done yet because that
constitutional reading list was just not
ending so I really gotta get these out
of the way today
[Music]
you
and I'm back in my room now just had my
supervision for constitutional law I
think I'm not quite well um so that's
good yeah but like this morning on the
way topic is he I felt not once but
twice because we had this like kind of
rain which turned to sort of eyes but it
wasn't really eyes but it was just super
super slippery like I wasn't the only
person who slept there but it's
embarrassing how it happens parties oh
he just had quite a bit so I'm just
gonna take a bruise away from it so yeah
that wasn't that great I was frankly I
think it was just more embarrassment
than that it was actually pain so yeah
knows that and now my plan is to just do
more readings for criminal law because
and the Constitution reading this was
just massive and so I didn't really have
enough time to you know fully focus in
criminal law which isn't great and I
mean those because I was away for the
weekend so I just you know I need to do
a lot of criminal law readings now but I
think gonna be fine because that really
missed is massively shorter than the
constitutional or reading list so it
should be fine
so yeah let's do it
[Music]
and so much later in the day now and I'm
gonna meet up with Caesar now and we're
gonna have some dinner together at
McDonald's to reward ourselves for
getting for that endless constitutional
law reading list because God knows it
was hard um so we're gonna do that and
you know just gonna chill a little bit
because we although we have our second
supervision of the week tomorrow we
finished all our stuff so that's really
really great so we can celebrate a
little and yeah I also just put my half
and like my study hairstyle which is not
exactly fashionable but whatever it's
super super comfortable because it just
keeps your hands away and you know like
I'm like a ponytail is like doesn't hurt
when you like take it out like out it
out I have a feeling when I take up a
ponytail it's feel like there's like
this part of my hair which just wants to
fall off painful so yeah we can with all
this buddy hairstyle because it's just
super comfy so yeah anyway let's go
here's us um indulging in our guilty
pleasures we deserve it we finished
Const air and cream yeah we react
protection actually we definitely
deserve it yeah so you need to put the
fry with the ice cream like I have never
tried this before no no it's not it's
not it's good yeah
it's good
you trust me good morning guys it's the
next day it's a little bit after 6:00 in
the morning and I thought I'm going to
do some readings now for next week so I
already you know get started with them
because I finished my creme and my calm
seas so I can just move on and start
with tort law because we're also gonna
have to hand in a problem question in
tort so I think it's better if I started
now so that I can finish it because I
need to hand it in on Monday because my
supervision is gonna be on Tuesday so
probably just gonna do a few readings
about now take notes and um and then I'm
gonna go have breakfast go for my
lectures actually lecture today but
straight in a row so I don't need to
catch the library and you know work to
half an hour and go back which is
actually quite great and then we're just
gonna go back have lunch I have my
supervision and then I'm probably gonna
do a lot more readings I'm sorry I feel
like this vlog just turned to basically
just me working and just me recording it
in a time-lapse I'm sorry but I feel
like um if I like keep this from you
you're just not very authentic and I
think this week is just a very very busy
week with a lot of reading so yeah
that's that also reflected in the vlog
sorry I hope it's not you know getting
really boring for you guys
[Music]
and I just got back from a Jew lectures
ii was really really great
it's civil law and the professor likes
to kind of like act out like so like the
contract scenarios and stuff like it's
just really really funny and
entertaining and yeah it's it was a
pretty good lecture so i'm grateful and
what i'm gonna do now is because it's
like quarter past 11 and i'm probably
gonna do a few readings then i make
myself some lunch and then I go for my
supervision Christmas supervision is at
1:30 so that's pretty much the plan for
now and after mr. division I'll probably
just continue to do readings because I
need to hand in my toward from a
question on Monday so yeah I need to get
that done so yeah that's pretty much the
plan for now
you
and I'm back in my room now just get
back for my supervision it was really
really good we discussed some really
really interesting aspect about kernel
defenses I know we got into really
really interesting arguments I really
liked it
so yeah now my plan is to just do a
humor reading and something really
really nice I'm having in college
because our JCR which is our junior
combination room which is basically a
tie a student union for your college so
I think can I present your interest and
stuff but it's just do really really
sweet stuff birth and so to that if it
organized like a time where we could
just come and get some sweets to make
our day and yeah I just went by my got
like a little own bag here and honestly
it was so nice it's like I'm just to be
super grateful that they did this so
yeah but now I'm just gonna I know eat
some of my sweets um and then I'm gonna
do a few more readings I think I'm gonna
give myself like a little break because
super visions are really really intense
and like discussions you have they're
really really good but um you know it's
just kind of like fries your brain so I
think I'm gonna give myself maybe 20 or
30 minutes I'm just gonna read in the
book that I started and yeah then I'm
gonna see how far I can get with torch
it's much late in the day now I'm it's
actually almost a down time and I
thought this would be a good time to end
the vlog since it's also you know the
end of a week and everything and yeah I
started my talk readings um it's getting
much better the constitutional law
because it's much less so yeah I think
we can do it sometime we have that's
good so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog although it turned into a lot
of time lapses of me just working but
honest he doesn't really what this week
was like for me because this week was
just very very stressful yeah I hope you
guys none else and join in if you guys
have any questions for me feel free to
drop in many comments below or send me a
message through the contact section of
my blog which is linked in the infobox
below thank you guys so much for
watching have a nice day bye